pixels - print css
relative
perrcent - wrt parent, widths
wrt vp- vmin, vmax, 
wrt font szies- em(parent container), rem(root html)

margins
can collapse anytime they touch each other
if first child in an element has margin top, that can merge with parents margin top
out here we can add padding on the parent to prevent parents margin from merging with the childs
you can only nest other inline elements inside inline elements
inline elements will only respect margin and padding placed on left and right

styling links
links have different states that we can style:
*default link state => a:link
*hover => a:hover
*visited => a:focus
*hover => a:hover
*active => a:active

shorthand propertities goes clockwise: top right bottom left

sometimes we need something which is inline but we can set the margin and padding, so here we can use display:inline-block

while styling buttons put class directly on the link and always use padding to create the size of the button not width and height
padding on left and right generally need to be larger than the top and the bottom(1:2 ratio generally)

The more specific the selectors are higher the priority, from lowest to highest:
i. element selector, class selector and id selector

approaching specificity:
general rules put on the element selectors eg. body, paragraphs, headings and rest of eerything else gets a class

Compound selectors and specificity
element= 1point class= 10points id= 100points

to avoid unintented specificity clashes avoid using compound selectors instead give everything a single class.
Instead of using compound selectors use multiple generic classes in your html element(follows DRY principle)

While using google fonts, fonts need to be downloaded which can be slow and fonts can shift(FOUT-FLASH OF UNSTYLED TEXT). So downloading only what yo need to use helps.

Links have default style set on them(blue color and underlined text-decoration ) so they do not inherit their parent property.
Likewise, headings are bold by default so they dont inherit font-weight. To change these you will have to overwrite this explicitly. You could also use color:inherit property for links in this case which makes the color of the link inherit from its parent.
We always want the last element of something not to have the extra spacing. 
